spec: add plugin conventions and remove outdated information from the plugin spec (#292)
notaryproject/specifications: specs/plugin-extensibility.md

  * Notation MUST work with a plugin that implements a matching or lower minor version of the plugin contract. Notation SHALL NOT support using a plugin with higher version of plugin contract.
  * A plugin MUST support a single plugin contract version, per major version.

> Notation will invoke plugins as executable, pass parameters using command line arguments, and use standard IO streams to pass request/response payloads. This mechanism is used as Go language (used to develop [Notation Go library](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go)) does not have a [in built support](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/19282) to load and execute plugins that works across OS platforms. Other mechanisms like gRPC require every plugin to be implemented as a service/daemon.

Reviewer: @FeynmanZhou yeah, we should keep it here. This is how Notation interacts with plugin executable files.

> ### Package a plugin

Reviewer: `Packaging Plugin for Distribution` sounds good to me.

> Plugin publisher SHOULD follow these conventions to package and distribute plugin files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugin publisher SHOULD follow these conventions to package and release plugin files:
```

* The file formats supported by Notation include `.zip`, `.tar.gz`, and single plugin executable file. It is highly recommended to package the single plugin executable file into an archive for installation security and efficiency consideration
* Plugin executable file MUST follow the naming convention `notation-{plugin-name}` 
* Notation supports installing a plugin from an `https` URL or from a file in the filesystem
* If the archive format is `.zip` or `.tar.gz`, there MUST be one and only one plugin executable file within each archive

> * Plugin publisher SHOULD provide SHA256 checksum for each released archive 

Reviewer: If the released format is `single plugin executable file`, installing it from URL also requires SHA256 checksum.

* If the plugin has external dependencies, plugin publisher MUST include them in the archive
* License file is optional but it's recommended to be included in the archive

> * To avoid [ZIP bombs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zip_bomb), plugin archive file size is limited to less than 256 MiB. The sum of the extracted files is also limited to 256 MiB

Reviewer: If the release format is `single plugin executable file`, it also has the 256 MiB size limit.

For example, an archive of a Notation plugin `helloworld` for Linux AMD64 machine `notation-helloworld_1.0.1_linux_amd64.zip` includes these files:

```
notation-helloworld_1.0.1_linux_amd64
├── notation-helloworld (must)
├── LICENSE (optional)

> └── Dependency file (optional)

Reviewer: @FeynmanZhou 
There is a difference between `REQUIRED` and `REQUIRED if present`.
`optional` means if you have any dependency file, you can choose to not include it into the package.
`must, if any` means if there is any dependency file, you MUST include it into the package.

Notation will invoke plugins as executable, pass parameters using command line arguments, and use standard IO streams to pass request/response payloads. This mechanism is used as Go language (used to develop [Notation Go library](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation-go)) does not have a [in built support](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/19282) to load and execute plugins that works across OS platforms. Other mechanisms like gRPC require every plugin to be implemented as a service/daemon.

> ### Package and distribute plugin file

Reviewer: This is a subtitle of `plugin mechanism`
```suggestion
### Package and release
```

> To ensure plugin installation is compatible with Notation, plugin publisher SHOULD follow these conventions to package and distribute plugin files:

Reviewer: We don't need to mention `plugin installation with Notation` here. Because the main purpose of this new content is for `plugin package and release`. How to install the plugin is not decided by the `plugin publisher`.
```suggestion
Plugin publishers SHOULD follow these conventions to package and release plugins:
```

> * `.zip`, `.tar.gz`, and single plugin executable file formats are supported by Notation. Plugin executable file MUST follow the naming convention `notation-{plugin-name}` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported release formats are `.zip`, `.tar.gz`, and `single plugin executable file`. The plugin executable file MUST follow the naming convention `notation-{plugin-name}`, where `plugin-name` MUST match the name listed in the plugin's metadata.
```

> * Plugin publisher SHOULD distribute the plugin file with an `https` URL to enable install a plugin from a remote source, or provide an archive file to enable install a plugin from filesystem

Reviewer: I think we don't need this one? Plugin publishers distribute the above mentioned release formats in their `release page`. Whether to install directly from URL or download then install from file system is decided by the `plugin user`.
```suggestion
```

> * If multiple files are compressed in the `.zip` or `.tar.gz` file, there MUST be only one plugin executable file exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the release format is `.zip` or `.tar.gz` file, then there MUST be one and only one plugin executable file per release package. Example files that can be compressed in the release package: `plugin executable file`, `license files`, `dependency files`, etc.
```

> * Plugin publisher SHOULD provide SHA256 checksum for each plugin file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plugin publisher SHOULD provide SHA256 checksum for each released package. For example, if the release is a `.tar.gz` file, then its SHA256 checksum SHOULD be provided.
```

> * If the plugin installation has external dependencies, plugin publisher MUST include them in the plugin package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the plugin has external dependencies, plugin publisher MUST include them in the release package
```

> * License file is optional but it's recommended to be included in the plugin package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* License file is optional but it's recommended to be included in the release package
```

### Package and release a plugin

Notation supports the installation of a plugin from an `https` URL or from a file in the filesystem. To support the plugin installation and management using `notation plugin` commands, the plugin publisher must adhere to the following conventions:

* Plugin executable file MUST follow the naming convention `notation-{plugin-name}`. On `windows` OS, the file extension `.exe` is REQUIRED.
* The plugin distribution format MUST be either .zip, .tar.gz, or a single plugin executable file. If the release format is _single plugin executable file_, it is highly recommended to compress it into an archive for installation efficiency consideration.
* If the archive format is `.zip` or `.tar.gz`, there MUST be one and only one plugin executable file within each archive.

> * Plugin publisher SHOULD provide SHA256 checksum for each released archive and executable file if they want to enable users to install a plugin from an `https` URL.

Reviewer: 1. Might be an ambiguity: there is plugin executable file inside an archive as well. In this case, only SHA256sum of the archive is required, the publisher does not need to provide SHA256sum of the executable file. 
2. Since this guide is under ```To support the plugin installation and management using `notation plugin` commands, the plugin publisher must adhere to the following conventions:```, we should update the `SHOULD` to `MUST`, otherwise, the installation would fail.
```suggestion
* Plugin publisher MUST provide SHA256 checksum for each released archive or _single plugin executable file_ if they want to enable users to install a plugin from an `https` URL.
```

* The plugin archive MAY contain License files. Also, it's recommended to include licenses in the archive.
* Currently, Notation facilitates the installation of plugin executable files and archives, with a size limit of less than 256 MiB. Consequently, the plugin executable file and archive size MUST be less than 256 MiB. Note: Although users have the option to install plugins larger than 256 MiB, they will be unable to utilize the `notation plugin install` command in such cases.

> For example, an archive of a Notation plugin `helloworld` for Linux AMD64 machine `notation-helloworld_1.0.1_linux_amd64.zip` includes these files:

Reviewer: nit:
The example below is a `tar.gz`.
```suggestion
For example, an archive of a Notation plugin `helloworld` for Linux AMD64 machine `notation-helloworld_1.0.1_linux_amd64.tar.gz` includes these files:
```
